added algolia key setup for frontend in CONTRIBUTING.md (#258)
OWASP/Nest: CONTRIBUTING.md

1. **Set Up Algolia**:
   - Go to [Algolia](https://www.algolia.com/) and create a free account.
   - After creating an account, create an Algolia app.
   - Update your `backend/.env/local` file with the following keys from your Algolia app:

   ```plaintext
   DJANGO_ALGOLIA_API_KEY=<your_algolia_api_key>
   DJANGO_ALGOLIA_APPLICATION_ID=<your_algolia_application_id>
   ```

>    - Update your `frontend/.env` with your same key, id pairs of Algolia:
>    ```plaintext
>    VITE_ALGOLIA_SEARCH_KEY="your-algolia-search-key"
>    VITE_ALGOLIA_APP_ID="your-algolia-app-id"
>    ```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   - Update your `frontend/.env` file with the following keys from your Algolia app:
   ```plaintext
   VITE_ALGOLIA_APP_ID="your-algolia-app-id"
   VITE_ALGOLIA_SEARCH_KEY="your-algolia-search-key"
   ```
```
